Add Magnet Automate Integration (#43764)
demisto/content: Packs/MagnetForensics/Integrations/MagnetAutomate/MagnetAutomate_description.md

# Magnet Automate

## Setup Instructions

### Prerequisites
To configure this integration, you will need:
1.  A valid Magnet Automate instance.

> 2.  An API Key generated from the Magnet Automate interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.  An API key generated from the Magnet Automate interface.
```

> 3.  The Server URL of your Magnet Automate instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3.  The server URL of your Magnet Automate instance.
```

> ### Obtaining the API Key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Obtain the API Key
```

1.  Log in to your Magnet Automate interface.
2.  Navigate to the **Settings** or **API Management** section (refer to your Magnet Automate version documentation for the exact location).

> 3.  Generate a new API Key and copy it for use in the XSOAR integration configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3.  Generate an API key, copy it, and then paste it in the Cortex XSOAR integration configuration.
```

Is this relevant for Cortex XSIAM?

Author: Yes, this integration supports all marketplaces.

### Server URL Format
The Server URL must be provided in the following format:
`https://{hostName}:{port}`
Example: `https://automate.example.com:5000`

## Usage Notes
### Custom Fields

> Magnet Automate allows for the definition of custom fields for cases. To ensure successful case creation, it is recommended to use the `ma-forensics-custom-fields-list` command. This command retrieves a list of all available custom fields and their requirements, which can then be mapped to the case creation arguments in XSOAR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Magnet Automate supports custom fields for cases. To ensure successful case creation, it is recommended to use the `ma-forensics-custom-fields-list` command. This command retrieves a list of all available custom fields and their requirements, which can then be mapped to the case creation arguments in Cortex XSOAR.
```

Author: This section is removed due to redundancy.
